[docs][tabs] Document how to use routing with Tabs in Base UI (#37369)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/components/tabs/tabs.md

A common use case for tabs is to implement client-side navigation that doesn't require an HTTP round-trip to the server.

> The Tab component provides the `slots` prop to handle this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tab component provides the `slots` prop to handle this, as shown below:
```
